## Data Analysis
In this folder, you will find scripts which were used to analyze data generated by the LISA and T-LISA models. A breif description of each script follows:

- **Run_Regessions.py**: This script runs OLS regressions to predict total average error by the independent variables $N$, $k$, $r$, $\gamma$, and $\omega$.
- **Node_Level_Attribute_regression.py**: This script uses the `ER_Graph()` class to generate data locally for multiple simulations at one set point in paramater space. For each simulation run, node level metrics are computed and stored in a dataframe with the final state of the node. Finally, OLS and probit regressions are used to analyze the effects of (both non-normalized and normalized) node-level attributes on the final state of the of nodes.
- **Node_level_metrics_non_ER.py**: This script creates a new class for simulating the T-LISA model called `Non_ER_Simulation()` which takes a pre-set graph object G. It runs the T-LISA model on G, generating local data, and runs regressions similar to the `Node_Level_Attribute_regression.py` script. Currently, this script is setup with Zachary's karate club, but any network object could be put into it. Results produced by this script does not appear in the thesis.
- **Make_Box_Plots.py**: This script creates the boxplots for error across system size, $N$ (Honors Thesis figure 3.2.)
- **Plot_Stochastic_T-LISA_Sims.py**: This script was used to create plots stochastic solutions versus mean-field solutions (Honors Thesis figure 3.1.)
- **Join_Structural_and_run_data.py**: This script joins structural graph data with population proportion over time (solutions) data, on identifying metadata. Then the script runs OLS regressions to understand the effects of global network metrics on final adoption proportion (results seen in Honors Thesis figures 3.8 - 3.10.) The script also explores the effect that particular sets of nodes have on the final outcome, however these results were not included in the thesis.
